---
layout: post
title: "Luke"
---

A poem published in [Re:Visions (2017)](https://issuu.com/nd_mfa_creative_writing/docs/revisions2017), an annual literary magazine curated by Creative Writing MFA students at the University of Notre Dame.

# Luke 

Pass the revulvar. Let’s play Norwegian Roulette.

Load the letters in the chamber


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;e

s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;t

c&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;r

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;o


FIREPAUSEFIREPAUSEFIREPAUSEFIREPAUSEFIRE

get it into your damn head will ya?

What are the dots? Is it a reverse clitoris?

What are these thoughts? Are they a flit

or is this the sidewalk-hard love of the young

sailors and their waiting missionary wives?

Turn up the radio and press F5 until dopamine

rushes through synapse and wrinkle and settles

onto your flatiron image of him and her, feeding

color and bleeding contrast into the page.

Let’s just forget it. Cock the gun, I’ll gun my cock.
<br>

Is it still whiskey dick if the last time you drank

was at the funeral of a feeder mouse late last year?

I’m supposed to look at some folds and be certain.

I’m only certain in that I’m particular. The family photos

of blankets and sheets and prayer altars are not torn yet

but sometimes I get a bit of pica and sometimes the only

thing that matters is a peek at you on Facebook or

in my bedroom and maybe my poetry is just ambiguous

enough for me. No, thank you. I’m full.
<br>

I’m a world-champion ice cream eater, despite

my tendency to leave lactose in the toilet bowl. I’m

sorry I’m so goddamn gross sometimes.

Look dad, I learned my alphabet!

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;B

A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;C

I learned decimals too. 0.08 plus a Budweiser

is a great day in the basement.

I would buttchug melted peppermint bonbon.
<br>

Who knew a five milligram tablet could expand

like a magic animal growing capsule in your stomach

and fill a void that the wetness of other women and

the aroma of Kahlua only managed to occupy a corner in.

Congratulations. You are your father.

(that’s impossible).


